# Cplusplus-Program

The basis of this project was to show how inverstments change over time. I was taked to create an app that uses an interest calculation to show how interest grows over time for a bank called Airgead.
I believe one thing I did well was create comments and code that are easy to read and understand.
One thing I could do to enhance my code would be to incorperate different libraries. This would make the code more efficient because I could lower the amount of lines it would take to run this code as well as create more functionality if I were to change this code in the future. I could also incorperate other laungages into this code to make it more secure.
Creating arrays and vectors in C++ was the challenging part to this project. I've never created them in C++ so learning to do so was interesting. I reviewed other laugages I learned in the past however and was able to piece it together. Its interesting just how simular all the laugages are under the hood. One too, I am added to my support network is Codecadamy. I did some of the C++ courses to help me better under stand some topics outside of class. I believe I will be using their reveiws a lot in the future.
One skill form this project that I feel was transferable was learning how to effectivably research a topic if I was stuck. I learned how to ask coding related questions and I learned how to research effectivly for my field becuase of this project. While it wasn't the intended part of this project, I feel that learning how to effectivly research was the most important thing I learned during this project.
The way I made this code maintainable, readable, and adaptable was by putting inline comments. There is no better way to make sure that one day your code can be improved than by creating readable comments.
